Chapter_0_Introduction.md, before:

## Introduction
The Dreamcatcher system is intended to be a rules light generic, modular system with a substantial focus on promoting a narrative style over complex rules. These rules are still in the beta stage, and could change substantially based on feedback.
As with all roleplaying games, Dreamcatcher games take place in your mind, using imagination over boards or computer generated characters. The Games Master (GM) describes scenes and actions of other people within the world to you and your fellow players, and using your imagination you respond by asking questions and describing the actions of your characters in turn. If a contest arises, then your character’s abilities and are used to overcome the challenges presented.

>“Dreamcatcher games take place in your mind”   

These rules assume that players have access to at least two, but ideally three, six sided dice (known in gaming circles as D6), a character sheet, and a pen, pencil or similar implement. If you are the GM you should have your own dice, a copy of the rules, a way to take notes, and either a prewritten adventure, or one of your own making. Some GMs and players like to use miniatures, battle mats, dungeon tiles, scenery and other such visual aids to enhance the experience, and although these can be used with the game, they are not required to play.

Commit message:

Updated chapter 0 from dreamcatcher to SC

Chapter_0_Introduction.md, after:

## Introduction
The ShadowCatcher system is intended to be a rules light generic, modular system with a substantial focus on promoting a narrative style over complex rules. These rules are still in the beta stage, and could change substantially based on feedback.
As with all roleplaying games, ShadowCatcher games take place in your mind, using imagination over boards or computer generated characters. The Games Master (GM) describes scenes and actions of other people within the world to you and your fellow players, and using your imagination you respond by asking questions and describing the actions of your characters in turn. If a contest arises, then your character’s abilities and are used to overcome the challenges presented.

>“ShadowCatcher games take place in your mind”   

These rules assume that players have access to at least two, but ideally three, six sided dice (known in gaming circles as D6), a character sheet, and a pen, pencil or similar implement. If you are the GM you should have your own dice, a copy of the rules, a way to take notes, and either a prewritten adventure, or one of your own making. Some GMs and players like to use miniatures, battle mats, dungeon tiles, scenery and other such visual aids to enhance the experience, and although these can be used with the game, they are not required to play.
